[Music]
hey what's up guys so if you don't use a
fuel stabilizer in your gas you really
should especially with small engines
it's not hard it doesn't cost much and
it's a good habit to get into
for my two-stroke engines I treat the
gas year-round because sometimes I won't
use my chainsaw for maybe two or three
months and I don't want the gas to go
bad in the tank of the chainsaw while
I'm not using it for this it's a two and
a half gallon tank 1 ounce treats up to
two and a half gallons so it's really
simple for my lawnmower and my
four-wheeler and my generator well my
generator I make sure I have treated gas
all the time because sometimes you won't
use your generator for maybe a year or
two and you really wanted to start when
you need it another good habit to get
into if you need a generator if you use
a generator is start it up and let it
run for a couple of minutes maybe every
two or three months but getting back to
the lawnmower in the four-wheeler I
start treating the gas around the end of
September October and that way when I
get to the end of November and I'm ready
to put the machines away I've already
been running treated gas through the
system and then I'll just top the tanks
off and they're ready for storage that's
another tip you don't want to store any
of your equipment with a quarter tank or
a half a tank fill it almost all the way
up and that will keep condensation from
forming in the tank so I hope you found
this tip useful as always thanks for
tuning in and I'll see you next time
[Music]